add docs for the new --migrate-pytest option (#2139)
nf-core/website: src/content/docs/contributing/subworkflows.md

Here are the steps to follow:

- Use nf-core/tools to create a new subworkflow with the same name as the old one with the option `--migrate-pytest`.
  This command will rename the current subworkflow directory to `<subworkflow>_old` to avoid conflicts with the new subworkflow, create a new subworkflow, and copy the `main.nf` and `meta.yml` files over to preserve the original subworkflow code.

```bash
nf-core subworkflows create <subworkflow> --migrate-pytest
```

> - Using the `--migrate-pytest` option you will be asked if you want to delete the old subworkflow directory and se the content of the old pytests in the screen, or keep the old subworkflow directory. For the following steps, use the information from the pytest tests to create the new nf-test tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using the `--migrate-pytest` option you will be asked if you want to delete the old subworkflow directory and see the content of the old pytests in the terminal, or to keep the old subworkflow directory. For the following steps, use the information from the pytest tests to create the new nf-test tests.
```

:::

Time for some cleanup!

> If you choosed to not remove the old module directory with nf-core/tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you chose to not remove the old module directory with nf-core/tools:
```
